d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\CustomerLibrary.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\CustomerLibrary.pdb
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
d:\users\s429117\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\CustomerLibrary.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\CustomerLibrary.pdb
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\CustomerLibrary.dll.config
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
D:\我的檔案\MVC\WebApplication_Customer\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
